So I'll just.
I'll just, explain for all of our guests
kind of how best.
Run.
So Melanie is our taskmaster,
which means she's managing the agenda
in real time.
Kelly is on the shared document
keeping the meeting notes.
Angela, as we break her up, continuously,
then takes any of those that have been,
submit because some are updates
that don't necessarily
go through s connect for referral.
But those that worry in for a referral
or are specific to a student.
Angela is great just to jump on s connect
and add those in.
I generally am the timekeeper
because that's the easiest job
and the hardest job is
when you have good conversation
of knowing when to pull the plug,
because we'll never get out of here.
So I don't mind being the bad guy on that.
Whitney keeps our action items,
so it's really easy
at a big, structured meeting to say,
yeah, I'll do that.
And if we don't write down
who has to do what?
Because when we leave here at 11, 1130,
it's easy to forget.
I agreed to do ten different things.
So Wendy just basically keeps track of,
the action items
that each staff member has.
And I'll just remind, everyone
we need those and, your action
items out after the meeting.
So remember, those are in your emails.
Some you can get to because of the nature
of what they are.
Some just have to get pushed.
Don't ever feel.
You know, I didn't get to that.
I got to check it off
the box and do it, you know,
do it and
do it well when it's appropriate to do it.
And it's okay just to say, you know,
I didn't get to that this week.
Caitlin takes the notes that Kelly has,
and she edits them down to a staff
friendly version.
And then Caitlin sends them out
to all staff after the meeting.
For us, this is,
this is an opportunity there.
And this is a we've said
it was feedback to,
Angela at the meeting, but
teachers and staff are not accustomed
to going disconnect
to see everything
that was put in for a meeting.
And we can't release
all the confidential information.
So we do the second version of our notes
as a way, so they can see
all of the items that were discussed,
all of the updates.
We've always sent them out
via email
because then it does sit in their inbox
and it really just erase is the ability
to say, I didn't know that it would be a
that on them to not open the email
and check through what was there.
But everyone is given the opportunity.
And because, emails do get bogged down
even for teachers.
So we do upload them to our site
and everyone has access to
to take a look at that where they're at.
It's every staff members responsibility
to have anything that's going to be talked
about in our shared agenda by 3 p.m.
yesterday.
There's always the one off of,
you know, this just came up this morning
and it should be discussed.
But those are one offs.
Those should be the norms.
So, it does try and keep the meeting
running smoothly.
The first part of the agenda is sequence
to really to be updates,
which means it's either a data update,
or it's a quick hit.
So the agenda items are maybe long,
but they move fast.
But anything that's a discussion
related to a student
is related in the student sections,
because we sequence them by grade level.
Students that are on the agenda
are in blue,
which means we talk about them every week,
even if there's not a referral.
Just even if it's anecdotally, have
we noticed that the baseline is continued,
or is there a spike during the need
to make a decision on that?
Are they on a short term intervention?
Do we need to, you know, reevaluate
their data or whatever that looks like?
And then our ones that are not in blue
are essentially new referrals.
They're not talked about every week.
There could be an academic referral
or someone who's baseline is escalating
behavior wise, or someone that,
you know, a parent reached out to.
So, Caitlin and then, you know,
she raised that that is a concern
that's happening at the school.
So something that's not necessarily
on our agenda for us
kids in blue,
sometimes there's no discussion.
It's just status quo.
And we'll move along.
And then other times we give
about a five minute window to talk.
That's
where the as the timekeeper kind of rolls
in for me to say,
you know, we've kind of reached our max.
We're nowhere near, an end of a meeting.
We probably have to have an ad hoc
meeting, related to this.
And then we'll identify a timeline
for some of the staff members.
So that's kind of an overview
of our of our process.